# Database-Management-Analysis
This is a memo and technical report of queries against an out of date database (Adventure Works 2107 DW). From here, my team advocating for the usefulness of this data source, and the potential analysis, advocating for it's overhaul. 
We worked to create some standard tables of information utilizing the old information. The queries were done in SQL, and the data was then analyzed in Power BI. From here we created a memo with the key take aways. From there, we then built up a technical report that shows the details and approach to each Business Objective we were told to pursue.
Here are the specific questions we were tasked with:
#1 Provide a detailed list of Internet sales with the following columns for the financial analyst team to review (Category, Model, CustomerKey, Region, IncomeGroup, CalendarYear, FiscalYear, Month, OrderNumber, Quantity, and Amount). Income group should categorize the people based on "Low" being less than 40,000, "High" being greater than 60,000, and the rest will be "Moderate".
#2 Provide a similar analysis for Reseller sales with the following columns (Category, Model, CalendarYear, FiscalYear, Month, OrderNumber, Quantity, Amount).
#3 Show the total sales (overall) by year rolled up by the Territory group and country. A special request is that the United Kingdom is no longer part of Europe and management wants to see their totals as a separate Territory group. You cannot modify the data, so you will need to address this request in your query.
#4 Provide an analysis of sales performance by Promotion. It would be interesting to see how different types of promotions drive sales (quantity and revenue), especially by product category or region. The comparison between Internet and Reseller sales is probably interesting too. Don’t attempt to do everything, but show some good analysis related to Promotion. I could always look at proportions
#5 Our customers are always a big discussion topic with management and the sales team. The Customer table has a wealth of data categories that could be joined with Internet sales and all the extra data that brings along. This request will likely separate the high-performing analysts from the rest.
